                                                  TECHBAY 
                                    Online Platform for computer and Accessories
                                    
Online platform for computer and accessories is a form of electronic ecommerce which allows customers to directly buy wide range of different computers and its accessories including laptops, keyboards, mice, monitors, graphic cards, storage devices, and more from a TECHBAY International ,Mukkam over the Internet using a web browser. Key observations from the study is to develop a comprehensive software solution that optimises and automates online computer sales management, inventory management, order processing, ensure timely delivery, ensure secure payment and better customer service. 

Online platform for computer and accessories project creating a web based interface to provides analytics and reporting features to help sellers monitor their performance, understand market Trends and optimise sales strategies. This platform will features an exclusive catalog of products, including keyboards, mice, monitors, graphic cards, and storage devices, each with detailed specifications, customer reviews, and competitive pricing to aid informed decisions.It also allow easy navigation, efficient search filters, and product comparisons, while personalized recommendations will enhance the shopping experience. This website will helps for tracking inventory levels to avoid product over stock and outages. Sellers will benefit from robust tools to manage listings, track sales, and engage with customers, along with detailed product pages and analytics. The platform will ensure reliable delivery through trusted partners such as E Com, Delhivery, Professional, DTDC, and Blue Dart, with real-time tracking for shipments. This platform secure payment processing and reliable logistics support foster a trustworthy environment for both buyers and sellers. The website will attract a nationwide audience and improve the customer satisfaction by integrating all features into a unified platform.

Overall, this website aims to become a one-stop destination for buyers and sellers seeking reliable and high-quality products including computer and its accessories to manage all aspects of online computer sales management system, handling various user roles, and integrating with existing e-commerce platforms and payment gateways. This project will provide a scalable solution tailored to the needs identified during the preliminary study. 
